well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about why
i'm not rolling with the talking point
that maybe he manufactured this whole
thing
that maybe trump just made it all up
and why i don't think you should either
i had a number of people message me and
say that they were disappointed
that i didn't really entertain this idea
now i did point out
there were some people who were
skeptical of his claims
but i guess i didn't go far enough into
it
uh it's because i think it's a bad
talking point
because i think it is a bad talking
point i'm gonna explain why i'm gonna
give you a number of reasons most
important will be at the end
first who are you trying to reach with
this statement
people who don't know he's a liar
if they know he's a liar they're
probably not voting for him
anybody who would believe this
they're already against him so it's
wasted breath
aside from that what's your evidence
prove it
you can't it boils down to timing he had
just had a scandal
and then this happens name a time during
trump's administration where he hadn't
just had a scandal
means nothing in and of itself i don't
think
it's an effective talking point for the
people who are undecided
at this point i don't think it's going
to reach anybody
aside from that i would point out that
many people
referenced the movie wag the dog in
their message
more than i would imagine um
you're missing the most important line
of that movie
i saw it on tv it's over
the demographic that is still undecided
odds are that's where they get their
news that is where they uh
that's where they gather their
information and they saw it
on the news they're going to believe it
they're going to believe it it might be
more effective to roll with it
i certainly believe it is because
trump's two main lines of attack
on the biden campaign are one
slow joe you know he's old decrepit and
he can't think straight two is law and
order
the idea that trump is going to protect
the country
did you know that people who catch this
a large number of them and their studies
on this
have long-term neurological side effects
they can't think straight they can't
focus
they feel like they're in a fog
i don't know if somebody who who might
have that
i don't know if they should be president
we need somebody who can think straight
right now
turns his own line of attack back on him
undermines it seems more effective to me
law and order he's going to protect the
country
he can protect his own house with an
army
because he can't accurately assess risk
and if he can't accurately assess risk
how can he protect the united states
he's in that situation because he
couldn't accurately
assess risk how's it going to protect
the suburbs
i think that is a more effective line
i think that's a more effective talking
point
whether or not this really happened
doesn't matter
it was on tv we all saw it those who are
undecided at this moment
they believe it yeah
a whole lot of people have doubts a
whole lot
but those two talking points
the fact that it cuts into his
main lines of attack against biden are
probably more of a help
to biden than whatever sympathy bump or
distraction
is a help to trump so i would just roll
with it
i would just roll with it
i would suggest that those are far more
effective
than pointing out that trump has lied
for the 265th
917th time if all of his other
dishonesties have not impacted that
particular voter
they're not going to do it now
especially when
you can't prove it it's just a claim
i would focus on using his story against
him
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day